README.md, before:

![alt text](https://raw.github.com/chrisnish4/chrisnish4/main/header.png?raw=true)

### A little about me ...

- :writing_hand: I’m currently working on Exploratory Analysis of NFT Market
- :potted_plant: I’m currently learning Rust
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- :ocean: Fun fact: I like to surf 

## Stack
<div align='left'>
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg' alt='Python' height='50' /> 
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://www.pinpng.com/pngs/m/561-5614152_sqlite-square-icon-sqlite-logo-hd-png-download.png' alt='SQLite' height='50' /> 
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg' alt='AWS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/google_cloud-icon.svg' alt='GCS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg' alt='HTML' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg' alt='CSS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bootstrap-plain.svg' alt='Bootstrap' height='50' />
</div>

## Projects
- ### Data Analysis and Visualizations 
  - [Ethereum NFT EDA](https://github.com/chrisnish4/ethereum_NFT_EDA): Analysis of minting and transfer data of NFTs create on the Ethereum blockchain. Sought to find NFT projects with most rapidly increasing prices, found evidence of artificial price inflation.

<!--
**chrisnish4/chrisnish4** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Exploratory Analysis of NFT Market
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added Classification project and description

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://raw.github.com/chrisnish4/chrisnish4/main/header.png?raw=true)

### A little about me ...

- :writing_hand: I’m currently working on Exploratory Analysis of NFT Market
- :potted_plant: I’m currently learning Rust
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- :ocean: Fun fact: I like to surf 

## Stack
<div align='left'>
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/python-original.svg' alt='Python' height='50' /> 
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://www.pinpng.com/pngs/m/561-5614152_sqlite-square-icon-sqlite-logo-hd-png-download.png' alt='SQLite' height='50' /> 
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg' alt='AWS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/google_cloud-icon.svg' alt='GCS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/html5-original-wordmark.svg' alt='HTML' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/css3-original-wordmark.svg' alt='CSS' height='50' />
<img style='margin:10px' src='https://profilinator.rishav.dev/skills-assets/bootstrap-plain.svg' alt='Bootstrap' height='50' />
</div>

## Projects
- ### Data Analysis and Visualizations 
  - [Ethereum NFT EDA](https://github.com/chrisnish4/ethereum_NFT_EDA): Analysis of minting and transfer data of NFTs create on the Ethereum blockchain. Sought to find NFT projects with most rapidly increasing prices, found evidence of artificial price inflation.

- ### Classification 
  - [Empirical Comparison of Binary Classifiers](https://github.com/chrisnish4/Empirical-Comparison-Supervised-Learning-): Performed binary classification using three algorithms (logistic regression, k nearest neighbor, and random forest) on three separate classification problems. I used accuracy score to evalute each of the methods and found that the random forest classifer performed the best on two out of the three tasks and KNN performed best on teh last one. Going forward, I would incorporate more error metrics suc as precision, recall, and F1 score.

- 

<!--
**chrisnish4/chrisnish4** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Exploratory Analysis of NFT Market
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
